Identify-call-NodeJS-2327 (#2353)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/spec/identify.md

  logins: 5
});
```
> note ""

> > The `identify` call syntax is different for Node.js. Please visit Segment's [Analytics for Node.js](/docs/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/server/node/#identify) page for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The `identify` call syntax is different for Node.js. See the docs for [Analytics for Node.js](/docs/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/server/node/#identify) for more information.
```

Reviewer: @rchinn-segment I took a look at the issue that this PR relates to, but is Node.js the only one where the syntax is different?

Author: @stayseesong great question. I need to look into it a bit more to see if there are cases other than Node.js where the syntax is different.
